BIDBOT by Dajiba 2024

BidBot is a bid management plugin for Ashita 3.  This plugin monitors
the loader's treasure pool and activates a 2 minute closed bid period
when an item of interest drops in the pool.  

When an item drops, the plugin automatically announces a linkshell
message.  The drop is assigned a unique name, and other players in the
linkshell can bid for the item with a private /tell to the player. 
When the two minute bid period is over, the plugin will automatically
announce the name of the player who bid the most points for the item,
and automatically logs the result to a Discord webhook.

BidBot makes announcements for:
- 2 minute bid period starts upon item dropping
  other players can bid using /t player <item-name> <points>
- 1 minute reminder for the same item
- bid over message; announce either the winner.  If no one bid, a free
  lot is announced.  Tied bids are announced automatically. 
- items marked as freelot once are automatically marked freelot until
  the plugin is unloaded. 

When a bid period is open, the plugin will listen for /tells sent to the
player indicating the number of points another player wishes to bid on
that item.  The plugin will store the number of points they bid in the
/tell message.  It will also respond automatically in /tell to players
who submit bids.  

BidBot will manage and arbitrary number of open bids simultaneously.
When an item drops, it is assigned a unique name (like "blm-hands-1").
If the same item drops again, a new unique name is created by
incrementing the number (like "blm-hands-2").  The unique name is used
by other players to indicate which item they are bidding for.  It is
used internally by bidbot to manage who has bid on what item, and who is
the winner at the end of the bid period. 

BidBot is not intelligent -- it will not do anything special if the same
item appears in the pool multiple times -- it will just open multiple
separate bids. 


BidBot works by monitoring the treasure pool packets.  It does not
change anything or lot items automatically.  It is up to the linkshell
to manage point allotment per player and to enforce bid rules.  BidBot
does not check whether a bid is valid for a player.  It only sorts the
numers sent to it in tell.  


datamap.h contains a large map of all items that BidBot monitors.  Other
items can be added following the same format, so long as the item's id
appears in the map.  

zone.h contains a list of zone ids and zone names.  It is just there to
help manage which zones the player is currently in.  This is used for
the webhook submission -- when a bid completes, the winner and the
location in which the bid took place is announced to Discord. 




BidBot requires:

- ADK 3
- json.hpp
- httplib for webhooks
- static linking of openssl libraries for https webhooks to discord
  (find libcrypto_static.lib and libssl_static.lib binaries for
  linking) 


Built as 32-bit library target in Visual Studio 2022 CE
